---
title: "Comms Centre"
description: "Occasionally, news coverage will discuss this project.  Check here for a summary of such news, as well as our own announcements and highlights."
---

## Communication Channels

To follow coverage of this project, this is a centralised location for new news released.  Our methods for direct communication and engagement are outlined below.  If you are a fan, who wishes to hear directly updates on the project, we suggest the following sources of news, listed in order of effectiveness.

- Email sign-up - provides the most immediate & direct communication channel.
- News Central - this website, including a searchable index of all revant coverage.
- LinkedIn - this is a secondary page and our only direct *social* page.


## Engagement Plan

Our community engagement plan has three formal paths set up to seek feedback:

1. Direct line to Sporting Associations
2. Member feedback
3. Outreach to Key Stakeholders

Our primary path is through inviting and working with other Sporting Associations in the Northern Territory.  As ultimate users and supporters of a future Stadium, our goal is to ensure their operational, functional and aspirational requirements and asperations are met.  If you are a member of a sporting organisation, please work through your sporting body to provide consolidated direction and recommendations.

Additionally, we are opening up paths immediately for member feedback and involvement.  For details on how to join as a foundation member, see `Members` section.  At key stages in the project, we will reach out to our members and offer opportunity for direct and independent feedback.

:u-button{icon="i-heroicons-chat-bubble-bottom-center-16-solid" to="/members" label="Become a Member here" target="_blank" class="mr-4"}

The final engagement path is direct outreach by the Project team.  This is particularly relevant to all other key Primary stakeholders in this project and includes other business, government and community groups who may be impacted by this project.

All feedback will be summaried and considered prior to the close of each iteration of design.  Throughout the project we anticipate there will multiple versions of design of varying fidelity, created with the intent to develop a better project is performant and viable for the long term.  All feedback is welcome to assist.

::callout
---
icon: i-heroicons-light-bulb
---
We undertake to release on this platform a summary of feedback we have received and incorporated in each phase of development.
::



## Other sections
A summary of other sections and approaches found on this website:

- [News Hub](/newsroom/blog) - a central location for all articles related to the project.
- [Press](/newsroom/press) - a direct path for journalists to connect & project assets.

Alternatively, to lodge your support or concerns with our direction please email us here:
::u-button{icon="i-heroicons-envelope-20-solid" to="emailto:feedback@ntstadium.com.au" label="Contact front office here" class="mr-4 " color="gray"}
::





