---
title: "Members Hub"
description: "This project centers around its members and supporters. Our goal is to create an inclusive membership program, which all will wish to belong.  Our particular focus is Territory families and peoples living through the Territory.  Read more for how you may get involved and join as a foundation member."
---


## Roadmap
In the first instance we request your support to answer one simple question, 'Is support for our project real?'.  We have created three small hurdles to gauge the level of support in the community - we will communicate these numbers to Sponsors & Government to assist the advocacy of the project.

There are three levels, outlined briefly below:

1. `Enthusiast` - a free forever level for fans to subscribe.  You will be included in our email updates, which will be sent periodically.
2. `Supporter` - join our email subscription plus pay a $55 one time payment.  We consider `Supporters` to be future members or spectator of future games.  We consider you to have have more than an idle interest in seeing this project coming to life.
3. `Foundation Member` - an enrolment fee of $80 p.a., these members will also receive a subscription number and be invited to 

Please read the full list of benefits with each membership level on the [Subscription Page]().  

## Use of Funds
Aside from transaction fees associated with Credit Card & GST, the monies collected from `Supporters` and `Foundation Members` will be held in trust until the project is complete and may at your election be used in the following way:

- `Supporters` - allocated at your election as a down-payment to a ticket of the opening city AFL game, or opening ceremony.
- `Foundation Members` - either applied to the opening AFL game, opening ceremony or if local with (a) priority seat access and (b) if a local the invitation to a long term stadium membership and choice of medalion number (membership number).
- Alternatively returned, post completion.

Please note, we are unable a this stage to forecast the price of the event day tickets.  Any payments made by you can be credited against the final price of the ticket or membership.

We anticipate that this will be a 5+ year project.

We will otherwise have a no-refund policy.  If we are unsuccessful in our mission, we will find a way to return your funds, less any transaction fee.  We will operate fairly but also reserve the right to independently change our terms and conditions.  We thank those who choose to support.


## Members Association

A members association with charter similar to the MCC or Adelaide Oval will be set up.  It feels too early to invest in such planning, save to identify to you, our early members that this is clear goal.  Once the project becomes 'live' we will begin the work and also involve `Foundation Members` in this review.

We will work to appropriately design the charter to represent with the aspirations of those involved.

## Key Celebrations

We plan to celebrate key milestones in different ways with our members.  These celebrations will be varied and will suit our membership pool and milestone.  We are already thinking about the culture of support and gathering, see below.

For now, it is easy to plan two events that we think are pre-requirements for our success.  By subscribing, you have joined the waitlist for one or both of these.  Please consider sharing with your friends to spread the word:

1. Opening Ceremony.
2. First AFL Game (with NT Team)




## Other help

This is perhaps the most important long term question of our supporters - **what will define what is acceptable**.  
