---
title: Current Work
description: Prior to preparing draft project plans, our team is advocating that Darwin city's masterplan become more sports forward.
---

## City Stadium

Leading sports organizations recognize that the success of their events goes beyond mere *ticket sales*. The focal point of sporting and cultural gatherings is now integrated into people's weekly routines, evolving into an experience woven with various supporting activities.


::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
Our studies identified that city stadium is a prerequisite to attact a National Sporting team.  This is also a goal of this project team.
::

## A Sporting Plan for All

We believe strongly that Darwin's identity can benefit by incorporating a sporting ground within the City's Masterplan.  We believe so strongly in this vision, we are championing a 30-50 year plan, which will lay the planning framework to include a home for *all sporting codes* to have a home in and around Darwin City.

Fundamentally, the economic drivers for a city stadium are stronger for the codes that rely on it.  Summarised, the key benefits that are offered are:

1. Shared identity - a closer link between the city's culture and sports & entertainment events.
2. Shared infrastructure - hotels, restaurants, transport.
3. Greater activation - multipliers from other activations ancillary to the *main event*.
4. Greater visitation - entertainment becomes an easier option for the tourist, return business traveller and city commuter.

Our team believes the Darwin City masterplan will benefit by the incorporation of the infrastructure to support this growth: a City Oval, a City Rectangular Ground and an indoor Arena. 

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
A City Oval can in the first instance offer the ability to host multiple codes.
::


## Studies

 To assist formulate our views and consider possible homes for the AFL's 20th Licence, we engaged Cox Architecture (Cox).  Cox identified multiple locations and options for an MCG sized stadium in and around Darwin City.
